Allow preview controller to be customized via config options (#493)
github/view_component: CHANGELOG.md

## master

> * Add `preview_controller` option to overriding the controller used for previewing components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `preview_controller` option to override the controller used for component previews.
```
